 What is the kernel of an operating system?  Choose all answers that seem correct.
  The software interface with the hardware
  The application program interface
  The part of the operating system that handles interrupts
  The collection of utilities and tools, such as compilers, editors and debuggers.
 
Question 2
1 / 1 pts
What is an operating system shell program?
  The software interface with the hardware
  The one part of the operating system that is always running
  The command-line interpreter
  The application program interface
 
Question 3
1 / 1 pts
What is a system call?
  A command with no arguments
  A command which determines the termination condition of a program
  A command which queries the state of the operating system
  An entry point to the kernel
 
Question 4
1 / 1 pts
What is the purpose of a #define directive in a C program?
  It is used to define other files that must be included in the compilation
  It is used to define functions
  It is used to define string replacements in the source code
  It is used to define which C file contains the main() function
 
Question 5
1 / 1 pts

Question What is wrong with the following #define from a C program?


#define sqr(A) A * A
  You cannot use extraneous spaces. It should be: #define sqr(A) A*A
  It does not take into account operator precedence problems amd should be: #define sqr(A) (A) * (A)
  Names defined in #define directives must always be in upper-case, so it should be: #define SQR(A) A * A
  There is nothing wrong with the directive as written
 
Question 6
1 / 1 pts
What does the static modifier do in the declaration of a variable which is local to a function in C?
  It does nothing, because local variables are all static by default
  It causes a syntax error
  It specifies that the variable will retain its value between function calls
  It specifies that the variable is reinitialized each time the function is called
 
Question 7
1 / 1 pts
What is the difference between the declaration and the definition of a function in C?
  The definition causes storage to be allocated to the function, but the definition just specifies the function type
  The definition contains the function body, but the declaration contains just the heading
  The declaration contains the function body, but the definition contains just the heading
  There is no real difference, it just depends on which book you read
 
Question 8
1 / 1 pts
What services does the operating system need to provide to enable multiprogramming? Choose all answers that seem correct.
  Multiple compilers
  Memory management
  Process scheduling
  I/O management
 
Question 9
1 / 1 pts
What is the purpose of dual-mode operation of a computer?  Choose all answers that seem correct.
  To facilitate dual-core hardware
  To restrict the instructions that can be performed by the kernel
  To restrict the instructions that can be performed by a user process
  To limit the size of the kernel
 
Question 10
1 / 1 pts
In comparing dynamic linking to static linking, which of the following statements is true?  Choose all that seem correct.
  Dynamic linking is performed at run-time, whicle static linking is done at compile-time
  Static linking ensures that the executable file always contains the latest version of the library object code
  Dynamic linking leads to smaller executable files
  Dynamic linking leads to faster executable programs

